DAZHI PENG: Hi, Jeff, we're in a union. Let's talk about the tailor scribing project that you guys have all this project coming along.
Jeffrey Feng: Hey, Dodger, we are a bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list.
Jeffrey Feng: Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, I know, new to this task, so I was wondering if you could help us out.
DAZHI PENG: Of course I will be happy to shop. What specifically do you need help with.
Jeffrey Feng: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them. I used a few python libraries, but they are not returning me. What I want
DAZHI PENG: Have you ready into the library?
Jeffrey Feng: I have not.
DAZHI PENG: The lennium is a software testing equipment. We use to automate web browser. It can similarly user interactions with a website and from automated testing to check for error from issues and the function there
DAZHI PENG: trying to from the website you were talking about. Read the documentation with the beautiful suit documentation. You mean the ceiling and seleniums documentation.
Yooni Choi: So, Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful soup library.
Jeffrey Feng: Yes, that's one of the Python libraries that I've been using.
Yooni Choi: I kept having installation issues. I don't know what is the issue. My python version might be too old. Would you mind helping one
Yooni Choi: python issue?
DAZHI PENG: I will help you with that.
Jeffrey Feng: Actually, I think help should be with installation issues. I don't think it's really a python thing.
Yooni Choi: Oh, okay.
Jeffrey Feng: I will help you with that. Then, Nevertheless, could you update your python environment before that.
Yooni Choi: that would be great. Thank you. Is that really necessary? Though
Jeffrey Feng: the latest version of Python may have a fix for the issue you're having. If you're using older version of python. It is possible that a bug has been fixed in a newer version.
Yooni Choi: Oh, I see. Sure, let's do what you said.
DAZHI PENG: Well, you are waiting for Jeffrey to help you. I think you can already introduce telling us documentation.
Yooni Choi: I've not finished the beautiful soup part. Can I first start with something more relevant?
DAZHI PENG: Oh, yeah, sure, really beautiful to documentations. There. Good. Another thing. Do you guys want to send me the link to your Github branch?
Jeffrey Feng: We have not created a Github branch. Yet
DAZHI PENG: it is the to create a github, so we can track the progress of this project first.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I can do that by myself.
DAZHI PENG: Another action for both of you. I have list of people. The meeting is to report the progress to me sometime today. I so you guys can email me, but it looks like you guys are not ready yet.
Jeffrey Feng: That's true. Sorry about that.
Yooni Choi: We can report the progress to you by next week, though. Is that good for you?
DAZHI PENG: No, by tomorrow
Jeffrey Feng: we can give it a try.
Yooni Choi: Sounds good to me for the 2 of us working on it. Could we schedule a meeting layer, so you can explain your previous code to me. I want to make sure, Andrew, I understand your code, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Feng: No, I do not have any previous call, but I can still schedule a meeting with you
DAZHI PENG: You need. Do you also want to do the recordings for the previous project?
Yooni Choi: I might be too busy with this fixed project.
DAZHI PENG: That's fine that we can discuss that later. All right, Great.
DAZHI PENG: And I want to add some new members to the teams you have up with this project. I will send you an update in a week.
Jeffrey Feng: Actually, i'm not sure if this is necessary.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, are you sure about that.
DAZHI PENG: Well, I agree that it might not be next 3. But the progress has been slow. Now I have enough budget. We can afford to do that although i'm not sure if I can even find someone, I will still put this on my action and see who I can find.
DAZHI PENG: Let's do one more you as member to the team. Does that sound good?
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I understand.
Thanks, Dr.